this is Joe cheetahs game show junkies
proudly sponsored by America's oldest
brewery jingling beer game show junkies
is a combination of four hit TV style
game shows like name that tune Fiat to
tickle a fluke and boys seconds what's
this show its chips I say kill ten boy
maybe musics not your thing let us test
your physical dexterity with games like
minute to win it for the gambler and all
of us can you beat the odds with games
like let's make a deal this one you
couldn't want a new car what was the
name of chair Rosco Coltrane
totally self-contained we provide sound
and light our scoreboard displays the
team names they have chosen we provide
all the game tables and props our
digital timers are broadcast on TVs
around the room serial number i will
give you five we have a winner visitor
black or white boys but I wrote a boy
watches wrote a 20 coins cowbell wrote a
game show junkies is advertised at game
show junkies calm Joe cheetahs facebook
thank you for taking the time to check
out our video this is Joe cheetahs game
show junkies brought to you by America's
oldest brewery jingling beer